Docs #19 (#32)
ltelab/disdrodb: docs/source/install.rst

=========================
Installation
=========================

.. warning::
    This document is not complete !

    Currently under development.

    Do not use it now.

> The latest stable version Disdrodb is available on Github repository  `disdrodb <https://github.com/ltelab/disdrodb>`

Reviewer: ok

.. code-block:: bash

    git clone git@github.com:ltelab/disdrodb.git
    cd disdrodb

Users
========================

> Conda-based Installation

Reviewer: ok, cette page a été formtement modifiée

.............................................

Disdrodb can be installed into a conda environment

* Install the dependencies using conda:

.. code-block:: bash

	conda env create -f environment.yml

* Activate the disdrodb conda environment

.. code-block:: bash

	conda activate disdrodb

Pip-based Installation
..............................

DISDRODB is available from the Python Packaging Index (PyPI).

.. code-block:: bash

   pip install disdrodb

> Developers

Reviewer: ok

========================

Installation from a local copy of the github repository
..........................................................................................

* Clone the github repository

.. code-block:: bash

   git clone https://github.com/ltelab/disdrodb.git

> * Create a virtual environment:

Reviewer: not sure it will work that way, because the setup.py does not have a vesion (dyanamic). Let me try this

.. code-block:: bash

   python -m venv venv

* activate virtual environment

.. code-block:: bash

   cd venv/Script
   activate

> * load depedencies:

Reviewer: ok

    Do not use it now.

We define here two types of installation :

- `Installation for users`_ : for users who want to process data.
  
- `Installation for Developers`_: for contributors who want to enrich the project (eg. add a new reader).
  

Installation for users
========================

Conda-based Installation
.............................................

Disdrodb can be installed into a conda environment as follow :

.. code-block:: bash

	conda install -c conda-forge disdrodb

   

Pip-based Installation
..............................

Disdrodb is available from the Python Packaging Index (PyPI) as follow :

.. code-block:: bash

   pip install disdrodb

Installation for developers
============================

The latest stable version disdrodb is available on Github repository  `disdrodb <https://github.com/ltelab/disdrodb>`_.

According to the `contributors guidelines <contributors_guidelines>`__, you should first create a fork into your personal github account. 

> Installation from a local copy of the github repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Install a local copy of the forked repository:
```

   cd venv/Script
   activate

.. warning:: 

>    To do : Validate this pocess on others OS than Windows

Reviewer 2: Do you want to open a issue for that?

Reviewer: yes, it is done #39

> * load dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Load dependencies:
```
